# google-homepage

I'm Nathaniel. I moved to Grand Rapids recently from Eagle River, Alaska. I moved here in part to reconnect with college friends, underestimating how I'd miss Alaska and my friends there. Toward the end of my bachelor's studies in philosophy at Calvin College, I decided not to pursue a doctorate in the field. Waiting tables at Red Robin (almost) pays my bills at the moment, but I am transitioning into a career in web development. Currently I am working through the Web Development 101 curriculum at theodinproject.com and learning a lot. 
I love to play music with friends. The guitar is my instrument, but when I moved to GR and found pianos ubiquitous on Calvin's campus, I decided to teach myself piano. I remember sitting on the piano bench and telling Paige, then a new friend, that it was a goal of mine to learn some piano in my time at Calvin. She was about to leave but she paused in the doorway, turned around, frowned at me for a moment, and said "You know, I bet you accomplish a lot of your goals." I hope to tell her soon how much that moment has meant to me since. I will accomplish this new goal of becoming a web developer. Time, effort, regularity, tenacity - there are costs and I will pay.
I hope I've found a new church community in which to belong in New City Fellowship. It isn't a perfect match - I've got my theological difficulties and disagreements at various points, for example. But perfect matches don't happen; this seems a good church to me. I'm hoping to grow here.
